Created Issue and PR Templates (#49)
Auto-DL/Generator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATES/Feature Request.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: "[FEATURE]"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

## Feature Request

> 

Author: I'd rather convert this to a question. The instruction might not go well with it.

`Is this related to an existing [Issue] or a new implementation? `

> 

Reviewer: That works as well, just that people should know that putting an `x` between the brackets will add a tick mark to the box there :D

> 

Author: Nah I am saying remove the checkbox cuz it's a binary question here. It doesn't really belong. Only the question remains.

> 

Author: Changes incorporated

> - [ ] Related to an existing [Issue](../../../issues) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Related to an existing [Issue](../issues) 
```

Author: I think both paths were wrong. Added the correct one.

- [ ] A new implementation (Improvement, Extension) 

> ### Is your feature request related to a problem?
> 
> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. For e.g. I have an issue when [...]
> 
> ### If your feature will improve `Auto-DL`
> 
> A clear and concise description of how it will help `Auto-DL`. Please prefer references, if possible [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Feature Description
<!-- A clear and concise description of the feature you're requesting -->
```

> ### Description of the possible solution
> 
> A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. Add any considered drawbacks.
> 
> ### An alternative solution to the problem can look like
> 
> A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Possible Solution
<!-- We would love to know if you can suggest a solution to the feature you're requesting, if nothing else it'll help us understand your expectations -->
```

> **Teachability, Documentation, Adoption, Migration Strategy**
> If you can, explain how users will be able to use this and possibly write out a version of the docs.
> Can you add a screenshot or design?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional context (optional)
<!-- If you can, explain how users will be able to use this and possibly write out a version of the docs or add a screenshot or design for the same -->
```
